Once we submit that payment information up to Stripe, we get back this object right here that has the
ID inside of it.
That ID is the token that we want to provide to our payment service.
Let's go take a quick look at our payment service just to get a quick reminder on what we have to do
next.
So inside of my payment service, I'm going to find the RC root directory and then inside their new.
So we need to make a post request to API payments and we need to include the token, which is the ID
inside that object along with the order ID.
That's pretty much it.
Let's go back over to our auto show component.
Here it is right here.
So we have our callback right there that we are passing off to the token prop of stripe checkout.
So once we get that token, I'll be really care about it is the ID.
So I'm going to get started by structuring out just the ID.
And right now I'll just update the console.log to ID.
Now we need to make sure that we take that ID and the ID off of the order that we received as a prop
and make that request off to our payment service.
Once again, we're going to make use of the use request hook.
So at the very top of the file.
I will import user request from up to directories books use request.
And then right after our you state, I'm going to add in due request.
Airs.
And that will come from calling user request with our URL of API payments.
The method is most.
The body is going to contain our order ID.
As order.
Got it.
And now in this scenario, we're in just a little bit of a challenging spot right here.
So in all things we've looked at so far around this user request hook, we really just provided some
body properties to this thing and that was pretty much it that loaded up or kind of created a request
that was ready to go.
And as soon as we call do request, it would then execute the request.
But in this case, as the instant that we get that token inside this token callback right here, the
instant we get that little ID thing, we want to make our request and we don't really have the opportunity
to go back and set any state or add that property into body right here.
What would be really nice is if we could provide this extra token property off to the do request function
and have the do request function just automatically merge in this additional property to the request
itself.
So in other words, what I would really like to do instead of this console log right here, I would
like to call due request and then pass in an object that has a token, which is the ID of that object
and then have the request function.
Merge this little object right here together with the body object right here.
And so we should end up with two properties being sent off to our back end API, both the order ID and
the token.
So to make this work, we're going to have to make a little change to our user request hook and just
make sure that if we pass any additional properties off to do request, it should merge those into the
eventual requests that we send off.
Let's open up our hooks file.
Find user request.
I'll find the do request function right here.
So I'm going to say that this thing is going to receive some additional props or properties we want
to send along.
I'm going to default that to be an empty object, just in case we decide not to provide any.
Which is how we've already made use of this hook several times throughout this project.
So then I'm going to take those props and I'm going to merge them in with the body that we had provided
to the hook originally.
So in total, I'm going to remove body.
I'm going to put in a new line here just to give myself a little bit of space.
I'll then create a new object.
I'll put in dot, dot, dot, body and dot, dot, dot props like so.
And that should be it.
So let's say the file and I guess it really wants it to be on one line after all.
So now whenever we make use of our use request hook, when we call due request, we can pass in some
additional properties to include with the request body.
And so now the code that we just added in over back inside of order show specifically the call to do
request right here should work as expected.
Okay.
So now last thing we have to do when we call a user request after the body, we also have to provide
the on success callback.
We're going to receive as a response the payment object.
So remember, whenever we create a payment, we send back some information about the payment that was
just made.
And really, I think it just includes the ID and maybe the order ID as well.
All right.
Now let's just do a console log of that payment.
And then finally, let's take the heirs right there and make sure that we show it somewhere inside of
our return block down here as well.
I'll just stick an Ayres anywhere inside there.
So let's say this and go test it out.
Now, I do want to know, the first time we run this code, we are going to see an error.
This is just a tiny little gotcha.
We're going to fix it up.
I just want you to see the error in action.
Okay.
So I'm going to flip back over.
I'm at my list of tickets.
I'm going to try to create a new order.
So click on purchase and as soon as I do, I see a nasty error right here.
Like I said, just a little.
Gotcha.
Nothing we can't fix.
So we just made a change to our user request hook.
Here it is right here.
And we said that when we call use or when we call due request, we can optionally provide in some additional
properties to include with request body.
That means that any time we call do request, if we provide any argument whatsoever, that argument
is going to be merged into the request body.
And why is that relevant?
Well, you might recall just a moment ago when we were working inside of our ticket show component,
which is really tickets, ticket ID, that file right there.
We had made use of the user request hook, so we got that request function.
And then I kind of made a big deal about putting the button element right here, giving it the on click
callback.
And then as soon as someone clicked on that thing, we were going to invoke do request.
Well, remember, any time that we put something in as an event handler, that function right there
is going to be given a first argument of the event object.
So right now, with the change we just made to the do request function, we're going to essentially
receive the event object as this prop argument and then merge it into the request body.
So we are trying to take an event and send it off as a request body, which is why we're seeing that
nasty error.
So to fix this up, all we have to do is go back over to our ticket show.
Finally on click and we're going to wrap that with an arrow function.
So now even though this does get called with an event object, we're not going to receive it.
We're not going to pass it through to do requests or anything like that.
Okay.
So that should fix the error.
So let's save this.
I'm going to flip back over.
I'm going to create an order.
Here we go.
I'll pay with my card.
Four, two, four, two, four, two, four, two.
Eight $20.
And now we should make a request to our payment.
End point.
There it is.
Payments.
Now, we have purchased this order, or at least provided some payment in theory.
Now, just so you know, if we now do any follow up payments, it is extremely likely that we'll end
up seeing an error because the payment service will probably say something like, Hey, that order has
already been paid for or something like that.
We can verify, make sure that the payment has been processed if we go back over to Scaffold.
Back inside of scaffold.
We can take a look at these series of events that have been emitted and received and try to parse or
get an idea of the series of actions that just went on behind the scenes.
So first off, it looks like that right there is probably where we initially created the order.
We published an order create event.
The expiration service started up a timer.
Then the payment service received that and knew that it needed to start to watch for an incoming payment
for that order.
Later on, it looks like we had a ticket updated.
So that's where we successfully reserve the ticket by setting its order ID property.
It looks like the order service itself got acknowledgment that the ticket was reserved.
Then a little bit later in these two events for me right here are out of order.
This is where we submitted a payment.
So the payment service event saying that a payment was created.
The order service received that event.
And so at that point in time, it marked that order as probably being paid for or completed, I think
is what we called it.
Then a little bit later, once again, out of order.
Right here.
I see.
Expiration.
Complete.
So that's where our exploration service says, hey, it's been 60 seconds.
Hopefully this thing has been paid for.
And it looks like the order service received that and said, Oh, well, this order has already been
paid for, so I don't have to worry about cancelling it or anything like that.
All right.
Well, I'd say it looks pretty good.
Now, just to confirm, if we do go back over and try to repurchase this ticket again.
So here's the ticket.
If I click on purchase, I'll probably see something that says ticket is already reserved.
So this is the ticket I just paid for.
It's never going to become unreserved or anything like that.
So you should probably figure out some way of maybe filtering this list right here and only show tickets
that are available.
Or alternatively, we could just mark tickets that have already been purchased on this list as well,
something like that.
Something you just make it really clear which tickets we can still purchase.
Well, I think we solve a little bit of work to do.
So let's get to it in just a moment.